preparation glueless laminin can be
installed directly over most existing
floor coverings except for carpet wood
flooring glued to concrete must also be
removed before installation of laminate
flooring can begin acclimation cartons
of flooring must lay flat and unopened
in the room in which they are to be
installed for a minimum of 48 hours
before the installation can begin
relative humidity should be maintained
during the acclamation and installation
periods at conditions of 60 degrees
Fahrenheit to 85 degrees Fahrenheit and
35% to sixty-five percent relative
humidity cartons should be stacked no
more than three high with four inches of
the air flow around each carton and
should be stored away from any heating
cooling ducts or direct sunlight
subfloor moisture testing test the
subfloor for excessive moisture before
installing over concrete concrete
covered with ceramic tile marble stone
or vinyl tile or linoleum to do so cut
three foot by three foot squares of
polyethylene plastic one plastic square
for every 200 square feet of floor space
spread the plastic around different
areas of the concrete subfloor for a
more accurate evaluation firmly tape
down and seal all edges of the plastic
directly to the concrete subfloor leave
the plastic down for 24 to 48 hours if
moisture forms under the plastic or if
the cement darkens perform a calcium
chloride moisture emissions test the
maximum allowable reading is 5 pounds
per 1,000 square feet for a 24 hour time
period called the Shaw Information
Center hotline at one eight hundred 44
1742 9 for more assistance with moisture
testing or other technical questions
subfloor preparation fill any low spots
in the subfloor greater than one eighth
inch in six feet with a portland cement
levelling compound check this by using a
six-foot straightedge remove any high
spots by sanding or grinding remove any
existing floor mouldings
except for the wall baseboards unless
you plan to replace those with sha a
color-coordinated wall bases remember
thoroughly sweep the subfloor clean